feat(iotda): add new data source to get the list of upgrade packages (#5718)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/iotda_upgrade_packages.md

---

# huaweicloud_iotda_upgrade_packages

Use this data source to get a list of the upgrade packages.

-> When accessing an IoTDA **standard** or **enterprise** edition instance, you need to specify the IoTDA service
  endpoint in `provider` block.
  You can login to the IoTDA console, choose the instance **Overview** and click **Access Details**
  to view the HTTPS application access address. An example of the access address might be
  **9bc34xxxxx.st1.iotda-app.ap-southeast-1.myhuaweicloud.com**, then you need to configure the
  `provider` block as follows:

  ```hcl
  provider "huaweicloud" {
    endpoints = {
      iotda = "https://9bc34xxxxx.st1.iotda-app.ap-southeast-1.myhuaweicloud.com"
    }
  }
  ```

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "huaweicloud_iotda_upgrade_packages" "test" {
  type = "softwarePackage"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

* `type` - (Required, String) Specifies the type of the upgrade package.
  The valid values are as follows:
  + **softwarePackage**
  + **firmwarePackage**

> * `space_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the resource space ID to which the upgrade packages belong.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `space_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the resource space ID to which the upgrade package belongs.
```
